Update how-to-create-release-announcements.md (#210)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-release-announcements.md

4. Do not use internal names of features, such as "Unread toasts", "Deep linking"
5. Say "You" instead of "Users" to talk directly to the reader

## Scoring Guidelines

> <table>

Author: Not sure how to fix the table

Reviewer: @amyblais I fixed it with https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/pull/210/commits/b510eda5871672e0bcc233c4e2b16ee7b3db968d

(It needed a couple more `<td></td>` tags so that it displays empty cells for marketing and sysadmin representative columns)

Reviewer: I also used `<p></p>` tags to create new lines for the three scores

4. Do not use internal names of features, such as "Unread toasts", "Deep linking"
5. Say "You" instead of "Users" to talk directly to the reader

> ## Scoring Guidelines

Reviewer: For the scoring guidelines, can you help review them and ensure they follow our 3C's of communication:
- they are clear (opportunity: read from the perspective of someone who is not familiar with our release announces)
- they are concise (I think so yes)
- they are consistent (opportunity: is the scoring consistent with the guidelines we have for title and intro bullets above)

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 46%" />
<col style="width: 53%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Rating of clarity from 1 to 10</th>
<th>Product</th>
<th>Marketing</th>
<th>System Admin representative</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">

> <td><p>Title is clear and compelling to a system admin and focuses on the System Admin for Mattermost deciding whether to upgrade or buy E20 to empower end users.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>Title is clear and compelling to a System Admin. Focuses on the System Admin deciding whether to upgrade or buy E20 to empower end users.</p>
```

> <p>1 - System admin doesn’t understand what’s in the release and the title is not customer focused.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>1 - System Admin doesn’t understand what is in the release and the title is not customer focused.</p>
```

Reviewer: what does "title is not customer focused" mean?

> <p>5 - System admin somewhat understands what’s in the release, but may misinterpret things. The title is somewhat customer focused.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>5 - System Admin understands what is in the release, but may misinterpret things. The title is somewhat customer focused.</p>
```

> <p>10 - System admin understands what’s in our release in the fewest possible words, and is excited about the upgrade. The title is customer focused and focuses on the System Admin for Mattermost deciding whether to upgrade or buy E20 to empower end users.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>10 - System Admin clearly understands what is in the release in the fewest possible words, and is excited about the upgrade. The title focuses on the System Admin deciding whether to upgrade or buy E20 to empower end users.</p></td>
```

<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">

> <td>Intro paragraph and bullet points are clear and tell a system admin all they need to know with compelling, concise, and specific descriptions.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Intro paragraph and bullet points are clear. They tell a System Admin all they need to know with compelling, concise, and specific descriptions.</p>
```

> <p>1 - System admin finds intro paragraph and bullet points confusing and inaccurate.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>1 - System Admin finds intro paragraph and bullet points confusing or inaccurate.</p>
```

> <p>5 - System admin gets the gist of the announcement, but finds at least one thing confusing.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>5 - System Admin has a basic understanding of the release, but finds at least one thing confusing.</p>
```

Reviewer: "gets the gist" isn't obvious

> <p>10 - System admin finds that the intro paragraph and bullet points introduce features with compelling, concise and specific descriptions.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>10 - Intro paragraph and bullet points introduce features with compelling, concise and specific descriptions.</p></td>
```
